It's four of my
prime breeding stock.
Some bastard's done
this to get at me.
Could it have been
wild dogs or dingoes?
What?
You ever seen dogs tear
into flesh like that?
The entrails all
spread out. No. no. no!
That took intelligence.
The Masons told me you give
them the meat you can't sell.
- Yeah.
- Can you salvage any of this?
No. They wouldn't cross me.
They know which side
their bread's buttered.
Whoever did this is a bloody...
A bloody psychopath.
The other three are all
torn up. just like this one.
You'd have to seriously
hate the bloke
to do something like this
while his wife's still missing.
Has anything like
this happened before?
It's rare. but yeah. it happens.
There are a few theories
UFOs. satanic rituals.
the infamous panther.
Panther!
Should we bring the Yowie
in for questioning. Rez?
Sarge. your consultant.
Starc's here to see you.
Okay. sure. send him in.
Okay. Come on.
- She's dead.
- Who?
Claire Harris.
What makes you say that?
I keep seeing this. everywhere.
It's H for Harris. It has
to be connected to Claire.
What makes you think she's dead?
I can smell it.
The stench of rotting meat.
To me. that's always
represented death.
Do you know where she is?
No.
No. that's. that's
all I got. I'm sorry.
Okay. if you think of
anything else. let me know.
It means a lot...
To be listened to. to
be taken seriously.
Surely Damien's not
capable of that.
Who knows what he's capable of.
He's a narcissist.
I knew he couldn't
keep his trap shut.
I thought you said bringing him
onto the case was a bad idea.
No. no. no. I didn't say that.
Hey. Sam. have you
seen Rachel today?
Rachel?
Yeah. she cleans for me on
Fridays. but she's a no-show.
No. I'm sorry. Tam.
Rachel Griggs. redhead.
Bit of a barfly.
It's just weird. She's
usually pretty reliable.
Now listen. what I said was.
his ego will eventually
get the better of him.
Now. he has told you that
Claire Harris is dead.
What you need to get him to
tell you is how she died.
That's how you'll
nap the bastard.
- Hey.
You're home early.
- Hey?
- Hmm.
Do you mind if I spend the
weekend up on The Farm working?
I've had a bit of
a breakthrough.
I really want to
make the most of it.
Yeah. sure. That's great.
Yeah. I'd really
love you to come see
this amazing space
I'm working in.
I will soon. I promise.
Well. how about
you come tonight.
- Oh...
- Rose asked me to invite you.
It's nothing flash.
Damien's cooking.
- Damien?
- Hm-mm.
Will you come? I can wait
for you to get ready.
What's for dinner? I'm
literally starving.
Mum and I are going
out for dinner.
and you are having frozen pizza.
- Yeah.
- What! Ew. no.
Hello.
Hello. Welcome.
Oh. you didn't tell
us we had to dress up.
Oh stop it. I threw this on.
So good you could
join us. Andie.
That's you. right?
Hmm. What do you think of it?
Oh God. don't ask me. I
know nothing about art.
Andie's more of an analytical
thinker. aren't you babe?
I guess most cops are.
Oh. nonsense art
is for everybody.
Helen. have you shown
Andie the studio?
Not yet.
Oh. you should. Helen's
making magic happen in there.
Come on.
Yeah. wow!
- This is nice.
- It's perfect.
You're doing a
painting of yourself?
Well yeah. self-portrait.
Okay. I didn't realise.
Well. you didn't ask.
It's great. and
I'm happy for you.
And from an analytical
point of view.
the subject is beautiful.
Hmm.
It was his birthday and
my very first piece.
Pop had it framed.
hung it in the hallway.
I love that your grandfather
was the first person in your
life to celebrate your talent.
Yeah. he was. Didn't have
the heart to tell him
that he'd hung it
upside down though.
I was only six.
Everyone. a toast to Helen.
For finding the
courage within yourself
to reawaken your
creative spirit.
To Helen. - To Helen.
- To Helen.
Ahh. thank you. for everything.
For the use of your
beautiful studio.
This delicious meal.
Really. you've been so
welcoming. for both of us.
It's about time a woman was
in charge of that station.
Sam Dyson is well
past his used by date.
We need someone who
knows what they're doing.
Especially with everything
that's been going on lately.
Did you ever find
out who it was.
who set fire to poor
Damien's caravan?
Yeah. it was Kirra.
our daughter.
She was pressured by
some kids as a dare.
We've got her doing community
service as a punishment.
- I thought I told you that.
- Oh. must be the wine.
Must be.
Damien. we will
do whatever we can
to help get you
back on your feet.
- Won't we?
- I've made the offer.
Well. thank you.
But helping to prove my
innocence is already enough.
Cheers.
That dinner was
just lovely. Rose.
- Great fire.
- Yeah.
Perfect night for it.
Hey. I brought you something.
Belongs to Claire Harris.
If she's dead.
maybe you can use this
to tell me how she died.
I can give it a go.
Yeah. definitely
a feminine energy.
A motherly energy.
There's a heavy weight
here.
I'm feeling a sense
of. deep sadness...
Grief!
What is it?
Was she strangled?
Are you telling me
someone strangled her?
Everything all right?
- Tell me how Claire Harris died.
- I can't!
- Tell me how she died.
Damien!
Jesus Christ.
Andie. he's choking.
I'm going to get you some water.
Why'd you give him my watch?
I was trying to get him
to tell me how she died.
So you didn't come
here to support me.
You came here to
question Damien.
He's a credible suspect.
I need to test him.
That's why I gave
him your watch.
But it's not Claire's
watch. It's my watch.
My suffering! Do you know
how that makes me feel?
Oh come on. Hel. Surely you
don't believe his horseshit.
Oh. don't do that.
Do you know how
you make me feel?
- I get it.
- Do you?
I do. and I am sorry.
- No. you're not.
- Helen. please...
- Just... just go!
- Hel!
- Go!
- Helen?
Hello!
Hello?
Hello!?
Morning. Mr. Harris.
What. you here about
my dead cattle?
No. I'm actually here to
see Maddie. Is she in?
What for?
I need to speak with
Maddie. Mr. Harris.
She's resting.
Maddie needs to come down
to the station today.
Tell her she needs to lodge
a gun licence application.
or she could be charged with
firing an unregistered firearm.
She'll need to bring
her driver's licence
and a copy of her
birth certificate.
Done?
Have a good day.
You old prick!
Mads.
I know you're worried about
your mum. Mads. I am too.
Just stop Dad. please. I
know I'm a disappointment.
No. you could never be that.
Your mum and I. we wanted
a child for so long.
Thought we couldn't have one.
and we were so happy
when you came along.
You were our little
miracle baby.
We'd be lost without you.
The ranch needs you.
I need you. I...
Dad...
All right. come on.
Let's get out of this room. kid.
G'day Sam. it's Lindsay
from Delatite Realty.
Hey look. just calling about
the offer on Deb's property.
They've given you
a day to accept.
Anyway. when you get this.
just give me a call back.
- Cheers...
- Lindsay!
Sam!
Listen Lindsay. I still haven't
found a home for Deb's horse.
You've had two years to do that.
I know. but I just. I just
need more time. that's all.
Look. you've got 24
hours. I'm sorry. Bye.
Lindsay. Listen! Lindsay?
Oh. for Jesus' sake!
I just need a copy
of your driver's licence
and birth certificate.
Is that it?
And sign and date here. thanks.
- Could I have a word?
- Sure.
I think I know where
Claire Harris is.
Where?
My wife and I used to hike
up to an old logger's camp.
A place called Mitchell's Spur.
Last night. I was
there again in a dream
and all around me was that
stench. that smell of death.
Mitchell's Spur. I think
that's where you'll find her.
Mitchell's Spur. you know it?
Old logging area.
It's pretty dense forest now.
How easy is it to search there?
Oh. I mean you got the one
four-wheel drive track in.
one four-wheel drive track out.
and a couple of horse trails.
Why?
Oh. I'm just
following up a lead.
You going alone?
You want me to join?
No. I'll be back this arvo.
Alright. don't leave the
trail and grab a sat phone.
Whoa. whoa.
Good boy. Archie.
Fuck!
All right. I'm coming.
Ah. there you are. Solomon.
You're hungry. aren't
you. mate. hey?
I bet you Roger. the tight arse.
doesn't feed you
them sweet carrots.
I know. mate.
You miss her.
I miss her too.
I'm retired.
You not get the memo?
I'm calling about the Sarge.
And what about her?
She took off to Mitchell's
Spur this morning.
It's past four. I'm
looking at the BOM
and there's some
weather coming in.
She hasn't been checking
in. so I tried calling her.
I tried her phone and her
sat and I can't get through.
Anyway. how alarmed
should we be?
Well. she's not stupid.
Once the weather turns.
she'll cut a track.
Till then keep
trying the phones.
Satellites roll past
every 15 minutes or so.
She might catch a
signal off the next one.
And if she doesn't?
Call me back.
You've reached
Sergeant Andie Whitford
of Brokenridge Police.
Leave a detailed
message after the tone.
When are you home?
I'm bored. Bye.
Now that I can see
Another part of me
Hitting back Slap in the face
Yeah. you were the key
ou're right there
And I'm right here
Thinking about
Here thinking about you
About you  See.
you're right there
Hey. you made it. Come in.
This is so bloody cool.
You sure this is okay?
Yeah. Dad's taken off somewhere
and Auntie's in the
house playing cards.
- What's that?
- I'll show you.
Oh. my. God!
We're doing her up.
Dad reckons when I get my
licence. she'll be all mine.
- Does it run?
- Oh. like a dream.
Come. hop in.
Don't you wish we could
just drive away right now?
Away from this boring town
and our shitty parents.
Just because they don't get
along doesn't mean we can't.
We're not little kids anymore.
- Ben! You in here?
- Shit!
Shhh!
Where has this kid gone?
You've reached
Sergeant Andie Whitford
of Brokenridge Police.
Leave a detailed message.
Mind if I sit this
storm out with you?
Of course.
Damien's gone to batten down
the hatches at the shop.
You'd think I'd get
used to them by now.
but they still scare
the hell out of me.
Ah. I'm struggling.
with proportions.
I can help you with that.
Good lad.
I'll lead you away.
Look at that. How beautiful.
All right. here you go.
You're free!
Go! Come on!
Come on. Hop! Hop!
I said. "Go. get going!"
What is wrong with you. Solomon?
Fuck off!
Go join the wild
fucking brumbies.
Whoa!
Oh fuck it!
Hey. hey. hey. hey. hey.
Steady Archie. steady!
Calm down. boy. Calm down!
Archie!
Fuck it!
Is that all you've got?
Come on! Hit me!
Yeah!
Archie!
Get away! Oh fuck!
Don't touch me. Don't
fucking touch me.
Hey. hey. settle down.
It's just me. Whoa!
- Okay. Okay.
- Owen! Jesus!
- Where are we?
- Hiker's hut.
Fuck!
- What happened?
- Sam called me.
He sent me out to look for
you up at Mitchell's Spur.
Next minute you come
flying out of the bush
and whack!
You hit my bloody Hilux.
Just stay down. You
need to take it easy.
Here. look! Can I?
You hit me. with your car?
You hit me.
What were you running from?
My horse bolted.
I was just trying and find him.
These are the kayaks me and
my dad took up river that day.
Oh. and here's our camp.
This is the rainbow
trout I caught.
I hate camping.
I love it. It's my
favourite thing.
Can I ask you
something personal?
Yeah.
How come you don't
live with your mum?
Well. I could if I wanted.
but she lives in Melbourne.
You know. this is
where I want to be.
The High Country's my home.
You're so weird.
Yeah. probably.
What about you?
Must be kind of cool
having two mums.
Sometimes.
And I do have a dad
obviously. but...
He's got a new family
now. so I never see him.
Must suck.
Hey. I am glad
you moved up here.
You're kind of strange.
but I like that.
When can we go?
The river across
the track is up.
It'll be worse with the runoff.
Won't be able to go
until tomorrow morning.
Shit!
Kirra's at home all
alone. She'll be worried.
Ah. she'll be okay.
I should go look for Archie.
You got Buckley's chance of
seeing anything out there.
Too dangerous.
So what spooked the
horse? The storm?
Wasn't the storm.
Was it a tree or something?
It's going to sound crazy.
but something was out there.
I dunno what the hell it was.
but it sounded big. Real big!
Starting to think
it's that bloody Yowie
I keep hearing about.
Could be.
Old people say the Yowie
is caretaker for Country.
Been here since the beginning.
mostly keeps to himself.
Maybe the storm stirred him up.
Hmm.
You don't believe that. do you?
I've seen things
that I can't explain.
and things that I
shouldn't have seen.
I mean. a lot of people think
our Dreaming stories
are just yarns.
but they're more than that.
They're lessons.
Sometimes they're warnings.
So. you never know.
- Maybe it was the Yowie.
- Mmm.
I wish I knew more about...
- Of being a Blackfella?
- Mmm.
Well you've come to the
right place to learn.
You've just got to
know who to ask.
You know. Taungurung
people are generous people.
Thanks for coming for me.
I know things have been
weird between us since...
You accused me of
murdering that white woman.
Yeah. well...
It's not easy making
friends in my line of work.
I'm not the easiest guy
to get along with either.
Hey. tell me. what's the deal
with dingoes around here?
I'm convinced I'm
being stalked by one.
Oh. they're just making sure
that you stay out of trouble.
or trouble stays away from you.
Dingoes are good.
They protect us.
Archie!
Andie! Saddle's come off.
- He must have taken a fall.
- Shit!
Archie!
Andie!
I'm sorry mate. He
broke his back leg.
Good boy. Good boy.
Good boy. Archie.
Oh. my beautiful boy.
I know you're in pain.
mate. Not for much longer.
Oh. you're a good fellow.
Hey...
This is all my fault. mate.
I know you're hurting.
I'm so sorry. Archie.
I shouldn't have brought
you up here. mate.
I'm so sorry.
Let me do it for you.
Morning. Have you
been up all night?
Can I have a look?
Hm-mm.
I want that vehicle
pulled out of there.
Righto. I'll get
Scooter onto it.
You okay Sarge?
- Hey. I brought your car in.
- Thanks.
Rez. get onto the VIN.
Let's find out who owns it.
See if they've
reported it stolen.
- Copy that.
- Thanks.
Thanks again. for last night.
Well. thank that old man.
He's the one who
sent me out of here.
- Sam.
- Owen.
What the hell were you thinking?
Coming up here on your own.
I was following a lead.
- What lead?
- On Starc.
He told me I might find
Claire Harris's body up here.
but all I found was a dead
roo and a wrecked Hyundai.
So he lured you up here?
What is it?
Archie broke his leg.
I had to put him down.
That bastard.
Just let me deal with it.
- Hey.
Is. um. Damien there?
Damien? No. he's not.
I haven't seen him
since yesterday. Why?
Yesterday?
Yeah. he went to the shop
before the storm hit.
I don't think he came back.
Thanks. I've got to go.
Where were you last night?
- I was here.
- All night?
Yeah. the shop flooded.
It's a. it's a mess.
What happened to you?
I went to Mitchell's
Spur. like you said.
There was no sign
of Claire Harris.
Okay.
You sent me on a wild
bloody goose chase.
Well. not intentionally.
I was trying to help.
Your bullshit vision
almost got me killed.
Bullshit?
"Stench of death." Oh.
I smelt it. all right.
Did you butcher
that roo out there.
like you mutilated
Harris's cattle?
What cattle? What are
you talking about?
You know what I'm
talking about. Damien.
Oh. I get it.
Yeah. right.
I was never your
consultant. was I?
You've been trying to set me up.
I trusted you.
But you're just like the
rest of them. aren't you?
You're just like Sam.
You fucking pig!
Hey big spender. You
buying some lippy. hey?
How are you Mum?
My arthritis is playing up.
my back's killing me and
there's nothing on telly.
I'll tell you what though.
A very nice young
man keeps popping in
to give me a back
rub. Did you see him?
No. but maybe next time you
should ask for his number.
Oh. maybe I will.
Fuck!
Oh shit! What happened to you?
I need a hug.
Sorry you had to spend
last night alone.
It's okay. I'm not a little kid.
Hey. you'll always be
our little kid. kid.
I'm spending the night at
my friend Lilly's. remember?
Does Mum know?
Yeah. she's got all
the contact details.
I'd stay. but
Lilly's expecting me.
No. I'm glad you're
making friends.
Cool. So can I go?
Keep your phone charged.
Yeah. you can talk.
- Ha. ha. ha. Love you.
- Love you back.
Hey Helen. I want
to talk to you.
Whoa. whoa. what's wrong?
I had a visit to the
shop from your wife.
Okay.
You turned up here
pretending to be my friend.
when all the while you've
been conspiring against me.
I haven't been conspiring
against anyone.
Bullshit! I'm tired of being
everyone's punching bag.
I thought that you
were on my side.
I am on your side.
I believe you have a gift
that can help people.
What. did your wife
tell you to say that?
I've seen what you can do.
That watch. that Andie
gave you to read.
That wasn't Claire
Harris's. it was mine.
What you experienced
was about me and my son.
My Charlie.
He died from an asthma attack.
Who's this big fella?
His name's Solomon.
He was Deb's horse.
He's a beauty. Yes you are.
I had to sell her house today.
So I need someone who'd look
after him better than I can.
I'll take good care of him.
I know you will.
Come in.
There's just so much
country out there. Sam.
And sometimes I just. I
just feel really lost.
Way out of my depth.
Maybe I'm not. um. cut
out for being up here.
Listen. if I'm cut out
for it. then anyone is.
- Hmm?
- Yeah.
I'm just missing Archie.
I'm sorry you never
got to know Deb.
You'd have liked her.